The Knight of the Lilly:


//The white night was once raped and then was pregnant but then killed the baby. She became the white night to profess her purity.
//Beautiful dance scene, so elegan with the Brandenburg concerto playing





A Man of Many Words:






The Collecter:







A1) WK recieves book.
	A2) If WK has XX logic and XX political, she can understand words of book.
	A2*) If WK has logic NO MORE than XX above her emotional, and her emotional is over XX, she may jump into volcano
	A2*) If WK has emotion XX over logic, and logic less than XX, then she jumps into volcano regardless
	A2*) If her logical is above #, she will describe how able she is to survive (based on physical)
		A3) WK jumps into volcano
		A3*) If WK has physical over XX, she survives
--X3) WK dies from jumping into the volcano. 
			A4) WK survives the jump, and a dragon part of her is reborn.
			A4*) She increases her stats and can now create the words of the dragon.
				A5) She speaks to the dragon. 
				B5) She doesn't have the book, and therefore can not speak to the dragon
					----------She enters the final trail---------------
					-----------She is given a series of challenges to complete. 
					----------She can only chose three, and her success and skill at these tasks
					determines the bonuses she will be granted
					A6) If she XXXX, and she can speak to the dragon, she confronts the dragon about her rape
					A6*) If her emotional intellegence is high, she will 
					A6*/B6) If her PHYS is high and her EMOT is low, she will fight the dragon
						A6B6*) If she can speak, She confronts the dragon with words of rage and revenge
						--X6) WK dies from getting killed by dragon
						--A6B7) WK kills dragon
					--A6*B6*) If WK LOGIC is high, and her emotion is low, She will explore the room to find a weakpoint
						A6B6*) If she can speak, She confronts the dragon with words of rage and revenge
						--X6) WK dies from clicking wrong object
						--A6B7) WK kills dragon
					A6*) If WK PHYS and EMOT is high, she will fight the dragon.
						A6*) If she can speak, she will confront the dragon with admonition and determination
						A6*) Before landing the final blow, she will be granted an option to spare his life
					A6) If WK has all low stats, she will submit to the will of the dragon
					A6) If WK has high POLIT and INT, she will convice the dragon to work for her and lead a reign of terror
						A6) High PHYS and she will ride the dragon
					A6) If WK has high POLIT and INT and EMOT, she will convice dragon and lead a reign of peace
					A6) If WK has high POLIT and EMOT, she will convice dragon to return to aid the Queen
					A6) If WK has high INT and EMOT, she will 


If her emotional strenth is XXX above the logical receptor, she will automatically jump.

If the white night jumps into the volcano to save XXXX, she must have a physical ability of XXX to survive.
If she survives

4 strenghts
	Physical
	Emotional
	Logical
	Political


	* is gameplay info, not plot changing lines

What would we need?
A background artist and a character artist (maybe 2?)
App developer
Financial Advisor 
Story Designer
Game Designer

-----------------------------------------------------
Neil (Liem): sensitive,
				 entreprenureal, boy-genius, going to be in the play with you!
				 Limonchello or Sake Bomb
Art (Vince): playboy
				enthusiatic, handsome, flirtacious, suprisingly smart, going to be in the play with you!
				jack and coke
Kyle (Kris): hardcore
					harsh critic, incredibly quick, director of play
					Martini
Ben & Dustin (Buster**): 	fun
					naive, easily confused, bumbling, compassionate, natural-leader, acting coach, spastic, looking for friends, natural-leader, understands emotions very well.
					Milkshakes
Luke (Z): rebellious,
					angry, dirty, easily swayed by women, compassionate, stage manager
					Irish Car Bomb



Story 1
INTRO MOVIE
*RING RING*
(A picture of her with an award and the cast of this game surround her)
Thank you! Thank you! I couldn't have done it without the help of this amazing team)
*RING RING*
"Thank you! Thank you!"
The phone wakes me up from my dream. 
"Hello?"
"Uh huh, uh huh...9 o'clock? Milbrae Center? Absolutely!"
I put the phone down....
I made it to callbacks! I MADE CALLBACKS! 
A pulsing takes over my entire body, 
as if sunlight is pushing its way through my entirety.
But the sunlight suddenly blinds my all my mental processes
with one glaringly bright thought...the time!
It's 8:30!! How am I supposed to make it to callbacks at 9?
I grab my outfit from yesterday, confident in it's star-quality,
but not so much it's odor, grab a bag of trail-mix, and run out the door.
"Why didn't I check the callback list?!"
I'm berating myself as I run down the street.
And in my moment of distraction, I slip on a patch of ice.
"Fredrick! How could you not look?"
"Sir, I'm sorry. She literally flew out of nowhere!"
"Literally? How does a girl fly Frederick!"
"You ask her. She was the one hanging in mid-air"
I can feel the burn in my chest as the winter air slowly
makes its way back into my chest.
I must have gotten the wind-knocked out of me.
"Vince, hurry up. We have places to be."
"She might be hurt, Kris. And it might be our fault."
"Then stick her in the car so we can start moving. You can question her inside."
"Miss, would you mind waiting in the car? We can give you a ride"
or call you a cab when you are feeling better."
My faculties are still a little dizzy, and I need help standing up.
In a daze, I follow the men to the car.
"Freddy, can we get a move on?"
The younger man with long, curly hair, looks at me
with gentle eyes.
"Are you ok?"
"Yes, just a little weak still."
"Can we take you somewhere?"
"We don't have time for this! Here. Get yourself an Uber."
He thrusts a handful of cash your way.
"Kris, stop. If we hurt her, then we need to take care of her."
"You didn't hurt me. I just slipped on the ice."
"See! I told you!"
"At least let us take you where you need to go."
"You really don't need to. It's just up ahead."
"Let her go already, Vince."
"Fine. But here. But if you need anything, please call the number on the card."
"Thank you."
We're stopped at an intersection, and my brain is fully functional again.
I pop out of the car as fast as I can. 
The Milbrae center is just ahead and I'm almost late.
I smash the card, and the cash (How do I still have that?!) in my pocket, 
and dash down the pedestrian crossing.

I'm stuck at the back of the line. The stage assistant takes my name, hands me a number, 
and shoots a quick picutre of me. She chuckles as the polaroid develops.
I check my hair in my phone and notice the clumps of snow that are now preserved forever for the 
director. 
*SIGH*
There are a hundred other people here. Some of them have broken into groups in the line,
some are talking to themselves. All of them are classically beautiful, with curved legs,
well-groomed hair, and perfect posture. I feel out of place, as I try to pick 
clumps of graveled snow out of my hair.

*double sigh*

I notice a boy in front of me. He's more relaxed than everyone else, which 
makes his confidence seem more real. A woman in front of him widly gestures to her
scene parther and ends up dropping her phone. He picks it up and lighty taps her on the shoulder.

"What do you want?"
"You dropped this."
"I know!" She snatches the phone away. "You interupted my scene!"
The boy's confident face barely changes, but for a slight twicht of his smile.
Is he upset, you wonder. Well, who wouldn't be?
The woman calls out to the line monitor.
"Excuse me! This man is harrasing me. He needs to leave."
Seriously?
CHOICE:
"He really didn't do anything."
"He was actually being really sweet."
I'm not getting involved in this. She could be my costar!

"He really didn't do anything/He was actually being really sweet."
         "What's the story here?"
         "She dropped her cell phone, so I was trying to return it."
         "Whatever. He is a waste of my time."
         The line manager walks away and the girl mutters under her breath.
         "Hm. You know I used to be a fan of yours."
         "Who needs a crummy little fan boy like you?""
         "Not you! But maybe this little lady does?"
         The boy puts his hand around my shoulder and my heart skips a beat.
         He takes out his phone and starts recording.
         "This is may savior everybody! What's your name?

         "Well <name>, I am now your little fan boy.
         Anything you'd like to say about that, Ms. Lumel?"
         "Lumel? You're THE lumel? Like Renee Lumel from Sunrise Werewolf?"
         The girl looks at the phone, then looks back at me.
         "Yes." She says sweetly. 
         Then turns around.
         "As long as he doesn't bother me again, he can stay."
         "I can't believe Renee Lumel is waiting with the rest of 
         us in this cattle call."
         "I can't believe you didn't recognize Renee Lumel"
         He tossles my hair and as he takes his hand from
         my shoulder. "Want to read some lines?"
         "Sure!" I answer back, and we run lines together until we're called.
         ....
"Next!" The stage manager calls. He has black, disheveled hair and
a lean body. He looks me up and down.
"<user>?"
"Yep! That's me."
I hand him my number and he escorts me in.
My step falters as I see the men gathered before me.
Kris....in my daze I must have forgotten!
"Kristoffer Singhe!"
"Oh God, it's that girl from the street."
Vince laughs out loud.
"You were right around the corner!"


IN GAME PHONE!!
Pinball add on!



Meet all the peeps.
	Kyle and Vince in car.
		Set up Kyle and Art's friendship, personality
	Check in with Acting Coach Buster in line. Gives you script.
	Liem in line. Altercation with Renne: 
		<SPLIT 1>
		If the girl likes you, you get to meet the director in person later
		If you help Liem, you practice with him.
	Luke calls you're name, you're up!
	Grand reveal of cast. You recognize Vince and Kris suddenly.
		If you helped out Liem, he'll go with you into the audtion.
		Otherwise, you'll play across from Vince.
Pick three lines of dialogue, each will create a play
Main character get into play!
END OF PROLOGUE


Rehearsals begin.
Take your measurements. (mini game, chose what you look like? Measuring body.
Stage mangaer takes measurement: (options)Flirt with Z?
What do you do while you wait? (options)
We read through lines.
Some stuff flashes on the screen.
If you click on Kris's flashing phone,
	he isn't responding to it. You wonder why. 
That was horrible, you were distracted (options)
Next day, same thing, you don't click on anything this time.
You're getting better but you still suck.
Wnat to stay afterwards?
Intense scene where he gets close to you.
You're heart is reelig. 
Next day, during break, awkward encounter.
The phone is left on the desk.
What did the screen say?
You pick up the phone, it's his mom.
Kristoffer walks in on you looking at the phone.
Gets mad.
He is terrible to you in pratice.
You confront him; he is also being emotional rather than professional.

(Rehearsals are line memorizing
and DDR for blocking
memorizing the right answers)


Again, he's close, only now it's closer. 
Keep working night after night. 
One night, you get a call from your mom.
You ask about his mom. 
He doesn't want to talk about it.
His little sister comes to rehearsal, 
Kris is too busy to talk to her.
So she talks to <user>. Reveals that Kris has been 
taking care of her because of sick mom.
Kris walks in, and sister starts revealing embarrasing things.
She revels that Kris plays with stuffed animals 
as a director.  
Opening night:
Mini game to see if success on opening night.
Opening night party happens.
<user> wants to see stuffed animals.
Cutesy play time and 
KISS!! YAY! Success! <User> scored!
Then <user> gets Tony, and thanks director (and everyone else)


He's embarressed doesn't want anyone to know.
Want to know something else.
After Kris comes here, he goes to shelter to take care of animals.
Sweet moment with puppydogs and kisses.
Next day he's the same as always, except when the phone rings
he quickly sends a smily face.
Opening night, and <user> gives a hamsters to the director.

The play is shown.

REBEL:
Flirts during measurements.
During line reading stuff, keep choosing funny options.
Click on something.
Fixer-upper

Went to party, didn't stay to practice.
If we choose to drink the Irish Car Bomb, Z starts a cycle of dares.
One gets you hurt.
Kris asks for help, you choose who goes.
One person stays so you can bond.



Eventually, skinny dipping
Motorcyle bit.
He professes that he's a changed man.
Really raunchy sex scene.


LIEM: hot-air balloon engagement
tries to stick up for Liem
But Liem still has to be stronger in the end

PLAYBOY: cover of tabloids
college sweetheart cheated on him with best friend
jealosy plot line
playing hard to get




KRISOFFER LINE:
Notes: Renee has crush, if you honor it and honor her....oh yeah.
But she'll never get Kris in the game.

Kris appreciates <user>'s authenticity. 
<user> stays late to practice instead of going to party. 
If user says she'll go to party, Renee volunteers to stay instead.
SPLIT 2:
	You become closer to Kris and Liem/Vince.
	Some game where you put on costumes and choose lines. 
	Different combos give you differen points for different things.
	She becomes Kris's ingenue.



SPLIT 2:
	You go to party and get different option.





End: If you are with Kris: 
Open an acting school with Buster
Get with Liem, 



End is you get a Tony. 



